[Music]
it's halloween night but instead of
partying you're trapped in a police car
with the world's most infamous serial
killer
what would you do michael meyer's
original killing spree shocked the world
as a masterpiece of horde so with this
2018 follow up as a direct sequel to the
original
the sole survivor of his rampage is
ready to face off against michael
one last time but will all her
preparations finally kill the boogeyman
i'm going to break down the mistakes
made explain what you should do
and how to beat michael myers in
halloween
a couple of journalists arrive at a
sanitarium to interview the notorious
michael myers who has been locked away
for 40 years since his killing spree
meeting with his psychiatrist they
learned that michael hasn't spoken since
he arrived
but he willingly takes them to the yard
to ask questions for their podcast
the journalist walks up as close as
possible and opens his bag
he takes out a mask the same one michael
wore when he killed all those people
and the patients around him begin going
crazy even the dogs start barking
and at this point i would start thinking
about the security here state prisons
are typically underfunded
some of one guard per 45 prisoners and
that's scary but maybe not as scary as
the fact that his psychiatrist
seems to be totally fine with all this
is it his job to stabilize the patients
obviously if i were them i wouldn't be
complaining but this is definitely a
sign that something is wrong here
the two reporters head out to speak with
lori who was an innocent high schooler
before surviving an encounter with
michael myers
but now 40 years later and this woman is
not messing around
they get to her house and after offering
her three thousand dollars for an
interview
they're greeted with electrical fencing
security cameras motion detecting flood
lights
two boat locks a wooden beam and a steel
mesh door
getting straight into business they ask
for her insights on why michael kills
bringing up her failed marriages as a
result of her trauma in the process
and it's irritating they mention that
michael will soon be transferred to a
maximum security prison
unsurprisingly she already knows even
down to the hour of the transfer
okay 40 years later and this woman is
still traumatized but she's still living
in the same town
so not a great way to move forward and
she's treated her issues with alcohol
abuse and guns instead
my advice move to florida it has other
dangers but the most prolific killer
down there is old age
the next night she waits in her car with
a gun hoping for one last chance to kill
him
but she can't go through with it she
decides to get plastered at her family's
get-together instead
meeting her granddaughter's boyfriend
and causing a scene triggered by her
post-traumatic stress and a lot of booze
she gets overwhelmed and emotional and
has to be sent home much the confusion
of her granddaughter
looking for answers her mother tells her
how she was taught from a young age how
to use weapons
and defend herself all because she was
preparing her for the day that michael
myers escapes from prison and comes back
to kill them all
i can see where she's coming from but
prison escapes are statistically rare at
less than 3 percent of total inmates
so if i were her i would try to have him
killed on the inside shaking isn't going
to work with this guy
but maybe instead of all that money
spent on home protection i tried bribing
an officer or another prisoner to poison
his food
that night a boy and his father find the
prisoners transfer bus crashed in a
ditch with the inmates roaming free
the father gets out the help leaving the
kid to dial 9-1-1
the police tell him to leave the car and
find his dad so he carefully gets out
there's no sign of his father but he
discovers a bloody prison guard
lying face down poking him to make sure
he's alive the guard jolts up
and warns the kid to run for his life
instead
he continues looking for his dad
searching inside the bus the
psychiatrist jumps out for help
and gets shot startling the boy who
immediately runs back to the car
and starts the engine but michael is in
the backseat
he grabs her from behind brutally
slamming his head into the window
and kills him by breaking his neck in
car attacks
defense experts will tell you to pry and
twist their fingers or lean your seat
back to slip out of an arm lock
but he's just a kit i would try to duck
under the dashboard
because he wouldn't be able to reach
over the seat and you'd have a moment to
grab the door handle from there and run
and honestly i've never seen michael
even at a brisk walk
the local deputy gets a call about the
incident and arrives at the scene of the
crime
finding the dead father whose neck is
broken in half
in the shot psychiatrist in the bus when
the deputy asks what happened
he tells him michael has escaped the
next day the deputy is visited by the
sheriff
who tells him that most of the patients
were recaptured as the deputy points out
one name of the transfer list
michael myers is once again walking the
streets on halloween
the journalists stop for gas not knowing
they're being trailed as the woman goes
inside
to use the toilet but then she hears
someone come in he stops right in front
of her stall
and tries to force the door open as the
other journalist enters the convenience
store
and finds a tiller dead with his mouth
ripped open he then discovers the
mechanic in a pool of blood
and stripped of his boiler suit in the
bathroom michael reaches over the
stalled door
and drops a handful of teeth onto the
floor finally realizing her life is in
danger she crawls under the stall
where michael grabs her ankles and
starts to pull her out but the other
journalist comes in with a crowbar
and whacks him across the face michael
barely even blinks
slamming his head into the bathroom
stalled door so hard that a break's open
and tosses him away she can't stop
michael from getting in
now under normal circumstances holding
the door shut should be enough
most people can exert a force greater
than their body weight and combined with
the strength of the door lock
this would keep out most intruders but
then again it's michael myers
so it's damned if you do and dan if you
don't walking back out to the car
he reaches into the trunk for his mask
and puts it on he's returned and now
he's ready to paint the town red
on the tv lori hears the news of the bus
crash and realizes what it means
michael is free and he'll be coming for
her soon to finish the job
she locks the doors turns on the police
scanner grabs ammunition
and opens a secret bunker under her
kitchen
this takes things to a whole new level
she's turned this place into a fortress
but if we had 40 years there are better
ways to do this so let's do it right
i would add underground tunnels
connecting the basement to the ends of
the property
and monitor all security cameras from my
phone silent beacon panic buttons that
called the police
should be placed throughout the house
and have all power backed up to a
generator
in case it's cut motion detector
floodlights are good but homemade
explosives are better
these can be made from common consumer
goods like pool sanitizers
fertilizers and paint removers they can
also be remotely triggered by cell
phones and radio waves
michael myers is 61 years old and
wouldn't be expecting any of this
technology but instead
laurie wants boat locks and shotguns the
mother returns back home to find the
back doors open
and hear someone walking around upstairs
she calls for her family
but there's no answer peering around the
corner lori jumps out and startles her
she's come to warn them about michael
being free trying to give them a gun for
protection but they don't want any part
of it and slam the door in her face it's
halloween night
and michael begins to stroll through the
suburbs looking for people to kill
he goes to a shed to pick up a hammer
and enters this woman's house
he casually walks in and beats her to
death with it switching it out with a
kitchen knife
he spots another house and peeks through
the patio window she's too busy talking
on the phone to notice him sneak around
the house
and when she goes to put on the blinds
she's grabbed from behind
and stabbed through the throat brutal
meanwhile the granddaughter goes to a
costume party where she's having too
much fun to take a call from her
grandmother who's trying to warn her
there's a demented serial killer on the
loose
when she goes back to the dance floor
she sees her boyfriend making out with a
random chick
and doesn't take it very well he starts
making excuses about what happened
in which she tries to answer her phone
he takes it and throws it in a bowl full
of pudding
a dick move that makes his girlfriend
leave both the party and the phone
behind
the granddaughter's friend is
babysitting nearby and invites her
boyfriend over for some company
but when the kid comes running down the
stairs freaking out about the boogeyman
standing outside his bedroom they go to
check it out she goes to put him back to
sleep but when she tries to shut the
closet door
it won't budge there's something
blocking the way
she opens the door to find michael
standing there with a knife who slices
her arm
she gets back up and throws a chair
trying to escape but slips
two days to crawl away she holds onto
the banister for dear life
but he drags her back into the room
where he stabs her to death
looks like this kid will need a new
babysitter she might have been one
crotch kick away from escaping duff
if it weren't for slippery socks but
this was a very beatable scenario
mostly because michael might be a little
out of practice if you get caught
because you're too big for the closet
you're hiding in
you're off to an awkward start hearing
her screams the boyfriend grabs a knife
ready to make the worst decision of his
life
the deputy gets a call about the
incident and heads over to the house
arriving on the scene he carefully makes
his way inside scanning the room for any
possible
threat upstairs in the kids room he
finds someone underneath a bed sheet
and taking it off finds the bloody
corpse of the babysitter
lori hears the call from the police
scanner and arrives searching the house
for any sign of michael
suddenly she spots her through a window
and fires her gun
except it's only his reflection in the
mirror and the killer takes that as his
cue to leave
the deputy chases after him and when he
comes downstairs finds the boyfriend's
body
pinned to a wall she follows michael
around the corner and right before he
gets away she
shoots in the shoulder the deputy bumps
into her distracting her from michael
as he disappears into the night the
police arrive on the scene
and back up the trail of dead bodies but
for some reason
the psychiatrist is here too he's
walking off a bull wound like a champ
and even offers his help in the manhunt
but he starts to reveal his darker side
as he rides along with the deputy and
begins explaining his obsession with
michael
he wants to understand how the killer
thinks why he kills how it must feel
it reminds the deputy that he's property
of the state and mustn't be harmed
not suspicious at all lori arrives at
the house of the police to tell her
family it's not safe
they keep trying to call her
granddaughter but can't get through so
they leave a voice message
telling her to meet them at her
grandmother's house now phoneless and
single
the granddaughter walks back home with a
friend who decides it's a good time to
go in for a kiss
she rejects him and walks off in a huff
passing by the motion-sensitive
floodlights
and over the gate leaving him a
blubbering mess on the ground
he turns around and sees a shadowed
figure thinking it's the homeowner
too drunk to realize he'll soon be
michael's next victim
the lights go off for a few seconds and
when they come on he has somehow moved
in front of the lights
without triggering them the front begins
to feel uneasy as they turn off once
more
and when they come back on michael
attacks him he runs to the gate
screening for help and tries to climb it
but he gets stuck as his cape snags the
granddaughter ignores him
thinking he's just trying to get
attention michael comes up from behind
and stabs in the back
in the screams go quiet curious she
comes running back to find him impaled
through the jaw
and standing next to him is michael
myers
okay nobody checked that the gate was
actually locked or not but i wouldn't be
thinking straight either
he's fat short and drunk so climbing a
gate is not in the cards for him
instead he could have gone around the
house cutting through the bushes to
escape
but now that he's dead what can she do
running around to a neighbor's house
puts another family in danger
and michael isn't picking up the pace so
i would have run to the nearest
intersection
to find a car willing to drive me home
she runs to the neighborhood screaming
for help and bangs in the window of a
house nearby
the residents help her and call the
police who come to pick her up
she tells the deputy that michael is
here and he promises to take her home
at laurie's house the parents still have
no idea where their daughter is and are
instructed to go down into the basement
which is filled with all kinds of
supplies including guns and ammo
laurie hands her weapons to her family
so that they'll be ready for michael
when he comes
the deputy drives around town with a
psychiatrist and granddaughter searching
for michael
when they get a tip on the radio that
he's been spotted they find him
strolling nearby
and the deputy stomps on the gas pedal
and drives straight into him
now this is obviously the best play but
i'm not getting out until i know he's
dead
and i might even run him over again to
be sure but based on the model of his
car
the acceleration and the fact they're in
a school district they were going about
50 miles an hour
and according to motor collision studies
this has a 55
chance of killing him but this is
michael myers so i'm not sure i like
those odds
i'm staying in the car and locking the
doors together
they rush out to check on the body the
deputy tells a psychiatrist
to back off and let him shoot michael
but he won't back away
opening a hidden scalpel from his pen
that he sticks into the cop's neck
viciously stabbing him in plain view of
the daughter who sees this
but locks inside the car all she can do
is scream for help
the psychiatrist inspects michael once
more and realizes to his relief that
he's still alive
he drags michael to the car and drops
him off right next to the granddaughter
he explains that he's taking michael to
lori's house as he wants to know how
he'll react and more importantly
if he'll finally talk it's only a matter
of time before this dangerous serial
killer wakes up
and she knows she has to get out car
windows are a lot harder to break than
you'd expect
and it requires the right tool an
automatic center punch will easily
shatter the window
allowing for escape but if you don't
have one there's another way
since 2002 all cars are required to have
a mechanical trunk latch
so she could have lowered the back seat
and escaped through the trunk if she
acted quickly
the granddaughter tells him that michael
spoke to her and promises to tell him
what was said
if he lets her go stopping the car he
asked what michael told her
but she can't answer that's when michael
wakes up and he kicks the cage so hard
it breaks the psychiatrist knocked
unconscious and michael drags him out of
the vehicle as the granddaughter runs
into the nearby woods
begging michael to say something he gets
his head stomped into mush
a pair of cops arrive to check out the
car and are too distracted by the dead
body to notice michael
is standing behind them back at lori's
house the dad sees the policeman's car
parked outside
curious he goes to check in with them
but they don't answer the reason why
becomes clear
as the two cops were gruesomely murdered
and one of them had his head turned into
a jack-o-lantern
the dad is so horrified by this that he
backs straight into michael who
strangles him with a bike chain
startled he fires his gun in the shuttle
glory that michael is here
going downstairs lori spots into the
window and bars the door shut
she tells her daughter to hide in the
basement while she stands guard at the
entrance
but michael isn't there anymore suddenly
he breaks through the glass panels of
the door
and begins slamming her into it he lifts
her up and chokes her but she's able to
use her shotgun to blast his fingers off
forcing him to let go now lori has been
in this position before
and she's learned her lesson but she
wouldn't be having this problem if it
weren't for this doofus who left the
steel screen door open
she doesn't do herself any favors though
by putting her back against the door
you have security cameras windows and a
gun just wait until he shows himself
and shoot the man she goes down into the
basement and turns on the flood lights
revealing the front yard to be
completely empty that's when the women
realize
that michael's inside the house hearing
his footsteps above
she carefully tracks him with a rifle
and fires from the floor
but there's no sound of a body falling
she has to be sure
and leaves the safety of the basement to
check if he's dead but as she's looking
around there isn't a body anywhere
but it looks like someone might be in
the closet
she flings the door open but there's
nobody inside she checks out another
room and finding that it's empty
presses a button that causes a shutter
to drop down stopping anyone for getting
back in
she finds a trail of blood going
upstairs and follows it systematically
making sure no one's inside any of the
rooms and locking them down
she walks into a room full of dummies
and spots a suspicious blood trail
leading to a closet checking it she
finds the dead body of the dad
stuffed inside she makes sure there
isn't anyone hiding the rest of the
closet but then realizes
there are blood stains on the dummies
she's blindsided by michael and tries
her best to fight him off but he
overpowers her
picking her up and throwing her off the
balcony sending her rolling off the roof
that's when the granddaughter finally
arrives at the house calling for help in
alerting michael to her presence
but when he looks back at the ground
laurie's body is gone
she's still alive the mother pops out of
the basement
and calls her daughter to hide
downstairs closing the trap door just
before michael reaches the kitchen
looking around for any place they could
be hiding he realizes that there's
something wrong with the counter
and starts tugging on it knowing it's
only a matter of time the mother grabs
her rifle and repairs herself
watching the entrance slowly but surely
gear up the way she screams to her mom
that she can't do this
and thinking he won't get shot michael
steps into view
then the mom coldly pulls the trigger
shooting him in the face
all that childhood abuse from her mother
really paid off then laurie comes up
from behind
attacking him with a knife and knocks
him down into the basement they rush
upstairs as fast as they can but michael
grabs the mom's ankle
they struggle to pull her free of his
grasp until the granddaughter spots a
kitchen knife
and uses it to slash michael's hand
forcing him to let go
once again he's knocked down the stairs
giving the mother time to pull lever
which causes these blades to come out
and trap him in lori begins turning
these valves and throughout the house
pipes start pumping in gas and heating
up this was yet another trap they had
prepared for him
the whole house was designed to lure him
down there knowing that they couldn't
keep him out but that they could
trap him in she then grabs a flare from
the kitchen lights it up
and tosses it down into the basement
michael continues staring at them
silently
even as the gas ignites and the bunker
catches on fire
with the house turning into a burning
wreck the ladies make their way to the
road
and hitch a ride from a passing driver
leaving behind the psychotic serial
killer
to burn to his death but what do you
think how would you be michael myers
let me know leave a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe
and check out the how to be playlist for
more videos like this
until next time have a damn good day